feat(stacktrace-link): Add minimal docs (#2762)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/github/index.mdx

When Sentry sees this, we’ll automatically annotate the matching issue with a reference to the commit or pull request, and, later, when that commit or pull request is part of a release, we’ll mark the issue as resolved.

### Stack Trace Linking

> Stack trace linking takes you from a file in your Sentry stack trace to that same file in your source code. If you have commit tracking set up in Sentry, we can take you to the exact version (using the commit associated with the event) of the source code when the error occurred. Otherwise we'll link you to the current state of the source code (using the `default_branch`).

Reviewer: @MeredithAnya hmmm...I don't know if just because you have commit tracking you'll get the exact version. You also have to tag your events with the correct release.

Author: @scefali I guess I figured if you went through the 'commit tracking' setup process in the docs, you should have that set up. maybe I can link 'commit tracking' to somewhere in the docs so people know what they need?

1. Navigate to **Settings > Integrations > GitHub > Configurations**.

> 1. Next to your GitHub Instance, click "Configure".

Reviewer 2: Start steps with an action, like this (though I am uncertain if this is a button):
```suggestion
1. Click the "Configure" button next to your GitHub Instance.
```

> 1. Next click on the **Code Mappings** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Code Mappings** tab.
```

> 1. To enable stack trace linking, you'll need to set up a code mapping for each project you want to enable stack trace linking for. To create a new code mapping, click **Add Mapping**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set up a code mapping for each project for which you want to enable stack trace linking. To create a new code mapping, click **Add Mapping**.
```

> 1. Fill out the form, and click **Save Changes**. For more information on each form field, see below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Fill out the form, then click **Save Changes**. Each form field is described below:
```

   * `project` (required): This is the Sentry project. 

>    * `repo` (required): This is the GitHub repository that is associated with the Sentry project above. If you have more than one GitHub repository being used per Sentry project, you'll need multiple code mappings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * `repo` (required): This is the GitHub repository associated with the Sentry project above. If you have more than one GitHub repository being used per Sentry project, you'll need multiple code mappings.
```

   * `default_branch` (required): This is the default branch of your code we fall back to if you do not have commit tracking set up. 
   * `stack_root` and `source_root` (optional):
      1. If the filename in your Sentry stack trace frame matches the path to your source code, you do not need to set these values. 

>          * ex. My filename is `code.py` and my source code path is `https://github.com/MeredithAnya/testing/blob/main/code.py`. Everything after the branch (`main`) matches my filename so I don't need to set a `stack_root` and `source_root`.

Reviewer 2: Don't use "I" or "me" in the docs, use the second person ("you") throughout:
```suggestion
         * For example, everything after the branch (`main`) matches the filename of `code.py` using a source code path of `https://github.com/MeredithAnya/testing/blob/main/code.py` so you don't need to set a `stack_root` and `source_root`.
```

>       1. If the filename in your Sentry stack trace frame doesn't match the path to your source code, your `stack_root` will be the part of the filename you need to replace with your `source_root` in order to make the filename match the source code path.

Reviewer: @MeredithAnya I think it would be better to say file path here instead of filename even though that's what use internally. To me, file name just means the last part of it (ex: client.py vs src/sentry/shared_integrations/client.py).

Author: hmm that's fair, I can update to use file path

>       1. If the filename in your Sentry stack trace frame doesn't match the path to your source code, your `stack_root` will be the part of the filename you need to replace with your `source_root` in order to make the filename match the source code path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      1. If the filename in your Sentry stack trace frame doesn't match the path to your source code, you will need to replace the `stack_root` part of the filename with your `source_root` to make the filename match the source code path.
```

>          * ex. My filename is `src/code.py` and my source code path is `https://github.com/MeredithAnya/testing/blob/main/code.py`. In order to get `src/code.py` to match `code.py`, I'll need my `stack_root` to be set as `src/`, and my `source_root` can remain empty. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         * For example, to get `src/code.py` to match `code.py` when the source code path is `https://github.com/MeredithAnya/testing/blob/main/code.py`, change the `stack_root` to be set as `src/` and leave `source_root` empty.   
```

>          For the filename `src/code.py`, when I replace my `stack_root`, `src/`, with my `source_root`, `''`, I get `code.py`. This now matches my source code path.

Reviewer 2: Delete.

1. Fill out the form, then click **Save Changes**. Each form field is described below:
   * **project** (required): This is the Sentry project. 
   * **repo** (required): This is the GitHub repository associated with the Sentry project above. If you have more than one GitHub repository being used per Sentry project, you'll need multiple code mappings.
   * **branch** (required): This is the default branch of your code we fall back to if you do not have commit tracking set up. 
   * **stack trace root** and **source code root** (optional):
      1. If the file path in your Sentry stack trace frame matches the path to your source code, you do not need to set these values. 
         * ex. For example, everything after the branch (`main`) matches the file path of `code.py` using a source code path of `https://github.com/MeredithAnya/testing/blob/main/code.py` so you don't need to set a **stack trace root** and **source code root**.
      
      1. If the filename in your Sentry stack trace frame doesn't match the path to your source code, you will need to replace the **stack_root** part of the filename with your **source_root** to make the filename match the source code path.

>          * ex. For example, to get `src/code.py` to match `code.py` when the source code path is `https://github.com/MeredithAnya/testing/blob/main/code.py`, change the **stack trace root** to be set as `src/`, and leave **source code root** empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         * For example, to get `src/code.py` to match `code.py` when the source code path is `https://github.com/MeredithAnya/testing/blob/main/code.py`, change the **stack trace root** to be set as `src/`, and leave **source code root** empty.
```
